[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film the
jack in the box
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
an old man is detecting something on the
grass with an instrument
soon after he finds a music box from
underground with the word jack on it
the old man takes it home with pleasure
and shows it to his wife
however after he leaves the room a pair
of giant paws stretch out from the box
and drag the curious wife into the box
the old man hears his wife screams for
help
and rushes back but it's too late that
his wife has been taken by jack
the monster in the box 12 years later
the box is transferred to a small museum
in a local town
casey shows up for his first day of work
at the museum
where he meets lisa his partner in work
and hormones
lisa introduces the new job to him and
then takes him to a utility room
casey's first task is to clean up the
utility room and check off articles with
lisa
he is enthusiastic about museums and
history and starts his work in joy
in the corner of the utility room casey
finds the box
on which the letters are out of order he
curiously switches the letters to jack
soon after they're surprised to see its
disk starts to turn around
and play music a clown bell pops up from
the box suddenly
startled by the strange box lisa calls
an expert to help identify it the next
day
in the evening however two thieves sneak
into the museum to look for something
valuable
one of them discovers the jack box and
is attracted by the doll
while his partner is searching for
property in other rooms
feeling funny about the clown the thief
plans to take the box away
at this moment the box closes itself to
turn its handle around
and play a song it is slowly opened
after a while
a similar huge paw reaches out and takes
the thief into the box
not knowing what happened the other
thief is busy packing stolen goods
when he's ready to leave he sees a
terrible figure in the quarter
frightened he quickly hides under a
table in horror and tries to keep silent
seeing the shadow goes away the thief is
relieved a bit
unexpectedly a huge paw breaks the table
from the top
and stabs into his head the two thieves
just disappear in this way
with a number on the box shifts to two
that night casey wakes up from his
nightmare that his girlfriend is killed
the next morning when casey gets to the
museum he finds the door open
and the chaos inside he calls lisa
immediately to check the surveillance
video
but is told that the camera has been
broken and the curator is too stingy to
repair it
at this moment the expert arranged by
lisa arrives
after identification he tells casey that
this is a real jack box
originating in the middle and late
victorian era there has been constant
controversy about the source of the box
it is said that it's a kind of pandora
box once open
the monster inside will come out to kill
people the expert also suggests casey
turned to another expert named morris
for more details
after the expert leaves casey looks at
the box thoughtfully
he surprisingly notices that the number
has been switched to two
in the meantime a tourist comes to visit
the museum
while she is visiting upstairs alone the
lights suddenly go off
jack the monster comes out of the box
and cuts her throat with a sharp claws
then the number on the top changes to
three
casey has suffered from his insomnia
recently on his way to work the next day
he seized notices for three missing
persons one of whom happens to be the
tourist
visiting the museum yesterday casey
remembers that he heard a scream
upstairs at that time
but he didn't find anything unusual when
he went up to check
driven by his curiosity casey then
searches online for any information
about it
as expected he finds some information
about the box on a web page
jack the monster who has the appearance
of a clown aims to kill six people
once released from the magic box with
all that done
he will retract into the box and wait
for the next release
right then casey takes a glimpse at the
weird jack box but is shocked to find
the clown slowly moves towards him
before he can do anything the curator
comes in
and asks him to prepare for a toy
exhibition so casey puts the box into a
showcase
and goes home after finishing his work a
cleaner is cleaning the museum alone
after working hours
when she starts to wipe the glass of the
showcase where the jack box placed
she's amazed to find the box runs
upstairs in a minute
all of a sudden all the doors around
have been locked
similarly a huge paw appears from the
box with the creepy music
when everything comes back to peace the
number on the top of the box turns to
four
one afternoon lisa comes to the museum
to find casey
listening to the last message left by
his girlfriend he is regretful because
he didn't answer the phone in time
when his girlfriend called him for help
lisa doesn't know what to do
but tries to give him a hormone hug
right then the police cuts in
to investigate the disappearance of the
cleaner casey is the last one who saw
the cleaner
so he is taken upstairs for
interrogation he wants to tell the
police about the jack box
but gives up the idea eventually the
police gets nothing useful from casey
and prepares to leave before the police
leaves casey asks if they
believe in supernatural phenomena
however the police only takes it as a
criminal's excuse to cover up their
crimes
despite that casey starts to relate all
these missing people to the weird box
to figure out the truth he tries to call
the expert morris for help
but hasn't got answers casey then
prepares a camera to record what's going
on with the box
with no reply from morris casey calls a
friend to help search for morris address
when he comes back for the box casey is
shocked to find the box is missing
right at that moment the light dims and
the thrilling music starts
as the music becomes urgent dak the
monster shows up at a corner
and knocks casey to the ground in an
instant seeing the real jack
casey runs out and takes the camera to
lisa trying to tell her the horrible
story of the box
however the camera screen goes black in
a few seconds
because of that rather than horrible
lisa finds his pretty smelly
and thus takes it as his hallucination
caused by insomnia
casey is upset and determined to figure
out the truth
he then goes to find the person who sent
the box to the museum
unfortunately the sender has been
reported missing the police suspected
that she was murdered by her husband
a while later casey follows the address
to the center's house
the owner of the house refuses to talk
to him at the beginning
until casey talks about the weird jack
box
the old man turns out to be the missing
center's husband
everyone believes he killed his wife 12
years ago instead of the jack box
for many years he has been misunderstood
and has no way to prove his
innocence he also suggests casey run
away
and that's the only way to avoid being
trapped in the same situation as him
after leaving the old man's house casey
is agitated by what he said
he hesitates a while but still decides
to go back to the museum
for he recalls his dead girlfriend and
decides to stop more people from being
murdered
later casey takes the jack box out of
the museum to burn it
thinking that the monster should be
killed in that way however
the box appears in good condition in
front of the door when casey gets back
to the museum jack the monster climbs
out of the box
and takes revenge on casey by dropping
him down to the ground
when casey wakes up from his coma the
next day he can't wait to tell the
curator and lisa what he has found
but no one believes him the curator
thinks he's mad and fires him
then locks the jack box in a deserted
room casey leaves with anger
when he receives morris address from his
friend
in a hurry he pays a quick visit to
morris and learns that he's pretty safe
now
because the monster jack won't kill the
one who helped release him out of the
box
but in order to seal the monster back to
the box he should pierce its heart with
an effective curse
but it won't work if any parts of the
monstrous body are left outside the box
meanwhile jack has killed the curator in
the museum
lisa sees the blood stain and runs to
call the police but gets cornered by the
monster jack
who just crawls out of the box and stabs
her in the body
casey arrives at that critical moment
jack hears the noises and therefore
hides himself
before knocking casey unconscious when
jack is about to kill lisa
casey awakens and picks up an arrow to
penetrate jack's heart
while yelling out the curse sure enough
the monster jack is pulled back to the
box right away
moments later however the police arrived
only to see lisa seriously injured
so they arrest casey for murder before
long lisa recovers in the hospital
she turns to morris for help hoping to
prove casey's innocence
while morris tells lisa that the only
way to stop jack
is to prevent the box from being opened
again since the box can't be destroyed
and every person killed would enable
jack to live three more years
now that he has killed five people
meaning that the box should be hidden
for at least 15 years
so as to prevent it from being open
until the monster dies
inside the box in prison casey refuses
to plead guilty
to convince casey the police show him
photos of the crime scene
from which he's astonished to notice
that a broken claw of jack
is left outside the box realizing that
lisa would be
in danger casey tries to ask the police
for help
but he is still treated as mentally ill
and thrown back to prison
on the other side after going back to
the museum the innocent lisa tries to
bury the jack box underground
however she is then dragged into the
evil box and the number on the top
switches to six
indicating that jack has successfully
completed his mission in the end
and waits quietly inside the box for the
next curiosity cat to open it again
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out